Lord Chen Kunxiao
I just heard it all
The three of them are so respectful to you
Tell me who you are
Yufei, you will be because of my status
And does choice treat me differently?
No, I will be like every couple when they get married
Like an oath
Rich or poor
All the same to you
Yue Fei's words are enough for you
I, Xiao Jun, you
Live up to it
That's what you said.
Hey
What are you doing in the middle of the night?
Mom, why did you come out?
How did I get out?
Can't I come out?
The cabbage he has raised for more than 20 years?
I'm about to be kicked by a pig
Almost unmarried
What does pulling and pulling look like?
Mom, you are so old-fashioned
Like an antique
I don't care. I'm an antique.
So this Xiao Xunlin
A little skill, but it didn't make it to the wedding night
I forbid you to hug each other
Okay, okay.
Go in and sleep
Tomorrow, go to the old lady's place
Why are you going to grandma's place?
This is King's Landing
Didn't you help our Ye family achieve a major event?
This old gentleman
To be called tomorrow
The whole family is giving him a celebration banquet
Really? Hmm?
Great manager
My grandma finally recognized you
That's great.
I just want to eat, I'll come in